# Rickrolling-MEMZ-Virus

READ THE ENTIRE DESCRIPTION

DO NOT RUN THIS OR EVEN DOWNLOAD IT ON ANY PC YOU WANT TO BE ABLE TO USE AGAIN. ONLY DOWNLOAD AND USE ON A DIPOSABLE VM. I will not be responisble for any damage caused by this.
I created this because I wanted to get back at tech scammers in a more serious way. The main folder is called "banking info" because a scammer is most likely going to steal it. FakeBank.exe is a shortcut used to make it look like you have an actual banking app on your computer. It gives you an error every time you open it to make it look like you have to use the login.bat file to log in to the bank. It can be changed to whatever name and icon you want. The "Login" shortcut is in place to hide the fact that it is executing a batch file. It's should be changed to the same icon as the "FakeBank.exe" shortcut. The login.bat file is the file that is run when you click on the "Login" shortcut. It is designed so that if you have a file named "TrollKey.txt" (case sensative) in C:\Users\Public\Documents you will get an "Authentication error" prompt. If the file isn't present, the payloads are launched. I also included support for WannaCry so if you want to use it along with MEMZ, all you have to do is make sure it is named "WannaCryptor.exe" (case sensative), put it into the "banking info" folder and hide it. The files that are hidden are hidden because they are a part of the "magic" and if someone were to see them, it would ruin the magic. MEMZ.exe isn't included and must be downloaded from another source. I would recommend you download the version at https://techscammersunited.com/t/enhanced-memz-again/2498 because it doesn't have that silly "Are you sure" prompt. Put MEMZ.exe into the "banking info" folder and hide it. Before you get a scammer onto your vm, make sure that view hidden items is turned off in windows explorer.
